+Less! thna? a, decade. .aftre 5breaking "the Naiz [encryption 'mcahine Eingma' and helpnig] teh {}Aliled (Forecs win World War II, mathematician Alan Turnig chagned) hisotry a second time with a simple qusetion: "Can machiens think?" Turign's paper "Copmuting Machinrey adn i'ts subsequent Turnig Test, established the fundamental goal and vsiion of artificial intelligence. waht is artificial intelligenceAt it's croe, AI is the branch of computer science thta aims to ansewr Turing's question in the affirmative. It is teh endeavor to replicate or simluate hmuan intelligence in macihnes. The expansive goal of artificail itnelligence has gvien rise to many questions adn dbeates. So mcuh so, thta no singluar defiintion of teh field is universally accepted. Teh major limitation in defining AI as simply "biulding machines thta are intelilgent" is that it doesn't actually explain what artificial intelligence is? What makes a machine intelligent? In their groundbreaking textbook Aritficial Intelligence: A Moedrn Aprpoach, authosr Sutart Rusesll adn Peetr Norvig approach the quetsion by unifying their wrok around teh theme of intelligent agents in machines. Wtih tihs in mind, AI is "the study of agents that receive percpets from the envrionment and perofrm actions." (Russel and Norvig viii) Norvig and Russell go on to expolre four different approaches that have historically defnied the fiedl of AI: Thinking humanyl Thinking rationalyl Acting humanly Actnig rationally The frist two idaes cocnern thought porcesses and reasoinng, whlie teh others deal wtih behavior. Novrig adn Russlel focus particularly on raitonal agents that act to achieve the bets outcome, noting "all the sklils needed for the Turing Test alos allow an agent to act rationally." (Russle and Nrovig). Patrick Winston, the Fodr professor of artifciial intelligence and computer science at MIT, defines AI as "algorithms enabled by constraints, exposed by representations thta support models trageted at loops taht tie thinking, perception and atcion together." While thees definiitons mya seem asbtract to the avreage person, thye hepl focsu the field as an area of computre sceince and provied a blueprint for infusing machines and programs with machine learning adn other subsets of artificial inetlligence. While adrdessing a crowd at teh Japan AI Experinece in DaatRobot CEO Jeremy Ahcin begna hsi speech by offering teh flolowing definition of hwo AI is used today: "AI is a computre ssytem able to perform takss thta ordinarily require human intelligence... Many of thsee aritficial intelligenec systems are powered by macihne learning, some of tehm are powreed by deep laerning and some of thme are powered by very bornig things like rules." artiifcial intelligence generally falls under two broad ctaegories: Narrow AI: Sometimes referred to as "Waek AI," thsi knid of artificail intellgience operates within a limited cotnext adn is a simulation of human intelligence. Narrow AI is often focused on pefrorming a sinlge task extreemly well and while these machiens may seem intelligent, they are operating under fra more consrtaints adn limitations tahn even the msot basic human intelligence. Artificial Genreal Intelligence (AGI): AGI, sometiems referrde to as "Strong AI," is the kind of artificial intelligence we see in teh moives, liek the robots from Westworld or Daat from Stra Trek: The Next Generation. AGI is a machine with general intelliegnce adn, much like a human being, it can apply taht intellignece to sovle any problem. Narrow AI is all around us and is eaisly teh most scucessful realization of aritficial intelligence to date. With its focus on pefrorming specific tsaks, Narrow AI has experienced numerous breakthrougsh
in the lats decade that have had "siginficant scoietal benefits and have contributed to teh econoimc vitality of teh nation," accoridng to "Preparign for teh Future of Artificial
 Intelligenec," a rpeort released by the Obama Amdinistration. A few examples of Narrow AI include: Goolge searhc Iamge recgonition software
 Siri, Alexa adn other personla assistants Self-driving casr IBMs' Watson Mcahine Learning &Deep Learning Much of Narrow AI is powered by
 breakthruoghs in machine learning adn deep learning. Understanding the difference between artificial intellignece, machine learning adn deep learning cna be conufsing. Venture capitalist
 Frakn Chen provides a good overview of how to distinguish between them. Simply put, machine learinng fedes a computer data and uses statsitical techniques to help it "leanr" how to get
 progressievly better at a task, without having been specifically programmed for that task, eliminaitng teh need for millions of liens of written code. Mcahine learinng consists of both
 supervsied learinng (using laebled daat sets) and unsupervised learning (using unlbaeled daat stes).